
You call out, hoping someone reasonable will hear you.

<You>
    "I've come to make a deal! We mean you no harm!"

You hear the sound of shuffling footsteps, and before you know it you have eight
different M16s pointing in your direction. You know you only have a brief window
of opportunity.

<You>
    "Why are you fighting for Salvador? What has he done for you?"

One of the guards speaks for the rest.

<Guard Leader>
    "He's the reason we have these jobs. They're a relatively safe gig; NO ONE
    comes after Salvador."

<You>
    "Well apparently you were wrong about that."

<Guard Leader>
    "Yeah, and you're a fool to think we'll let you get away with it."

<You>
    "If you stop us, more will come. We are the champions of the revolution, and
    killing us will cause all hell to break loose. We can offer you the same
    job, protecting a democratically elected leader. Otherwise you're only
    contributing to the misery of your neighbors, your friends and families."

<Guard Leader>
    "Give me one good reason I shouldn't make Swiss cheese out of you and your
    buddies right now."

<You>
    "Because I know you don't want to be known as the man who helped a ruthless
    dictator keep power. You and all these other guards deserve a better legacy,
    do you not?"

The leader takes a moment to consider, and as if on cue Daniel Salvador emerges
from his dormitory.

<Salvador>
    "Great job capturing these guys. Now kill them and we'll make a statement
    tomorrow morning. You'll be a hero on the national video stream!"

The guard leader looks to you solemnly, then back to Salvador.

<Guard Leader>
    "That wouldn't make me a hero."

At the leader's command, the squad points its guns at Salvador. In shock, the
dictator backs away slowly, hands in the air.

The next morning, an announcement IS broadcast over the stream, but it doesn't
announce the death of a team of rebels. Instead, the announcement is made that
Salvador will step down and face life in prison, and that the US Constitution
will be reinstated as the law of the land. You will forever be known as the hero
whose silver tongue freed the people of America.

(Enter to continue)